
Compiling Privtool:

I'm currently compiling Privtool on SunOS 4.1 using gcc to compile
PGP Tools and cc to compile Privtool. The Makefile is set up by
default to do this, however some modifications to the PGP Tools
header files are needed to make them compile. I added a second set
of non-ansi prototypes to the headers and used #ifdef NON_ANSI
to select the appropriate variant.

In order to run Privtool, you need a copy of PGP (it's been tested
with 2.3a, but should work with 2.6), and preferably a copy of
PGP Tools. 

In order to use the remailing facilities in Privtool, you will need
a copy of the Mixmaster client program. You should give the path to
the Mixmaster program in the MIXEXEC variable in the Makefile, and
the path to the Mixmaster directory (where Privtool can find the
type2.list file) in the MIXPATH variable in the Makefile. If you do
not have Mixmaster, then leave these entries blank, and define
NO_MIXMASTER in the Makefile.

Compiling with PGP Tools (default) :

You need to set the PGPTOOLDIR line in the Makefile to the appropriate 
directory for PGP Tools include files and libraries, and you need to
compile all the PGP Tools objects other than ptd.o into a library,
libpgptools.a. You also need to set PGPVERSION to the version number
that will be used in signatures and encrypted messages. By default this
is set to 2.6, but you can set it to whatever you desire.

Finally, you should edit the PGPTOOLS= line in the Makefile to match
the definitions you used when compiling PGP Tools, so that the header
files will work correctly. Unless you are low on memory, you will want
to leave in the -DUSE_HASH, which will keep a public key hash table in
RAM and significantly reduce signature verification time if you have
a large public key ring.

Compiling without PGP Tools :

Uncomment the empty PGPLDFLAGS= and PGPTOOLDIR= lines in the Makefile,
and comment out the second set. Set PGPEXEC to the path for your PGP
executable, ignore the PGPVERSION line (the version number of your
executable will be used), comment out the PGPTOOLS= lines, and uncomment
the empty PGPTOOLS= line.

General Issues :

I've never lost a mail message in the eighteen months I've been using Privtool,
however you may wish to keep the -DSAFE in the CPPFLAGS line until you're
sure that it's safe to remove it. This will keep a backup copy of your
mailbox and mail save files each time Privtool updates them.

Four compiler lines are given, one for gcc, one for cc (assumes that
your copy of PGP Tools has been modified for NON_ANSI support), one
for Linux (untested) and one for Solaris 2.x acc. Simply uncomment the 
appropriate one and comment out the others. For Linux you will also
need to modify a few other lines in the Makefile as appropriate.

For the Linux version, we use Rich Salz's parsedate() function, included
in the linux subdirectory. See the COPYRIGHT file in that directory for
more information.

Finally, if you have your OpenWindows libaries in a standard place that the
compiler will find, then uncomment the empty OPENWINLDFLAGS= and
OPENWINCPPFLAGS= lines and comment out the others, otherwise set the
value of OPENWINHOME to the appropriate directory.



You should now be able to run make and compile the program. Some warnings will
be given by ANSI compilers, but most are just due to the format of the
icon files.



