	
   Stuff to do for the Motif version of Privtool
   ---------------------------------------------
    $Id$

- Improve startup when no .privrc present.

- Finish off footer stuff.

- Implement the compose mail and associated bits (reply etc.). - DONE

- Implement the folder window.
  (Have to fix up the Container-in-scrolledWindow problem.)

- Implement drag-and-drop.

- Implement undelete. - DONE

- Check encrypted mail stuff. - DONE

- Update message list on initial display. - DONE

- Keep selected message in list visible. - DONE

- Check leaks from XmString's.

- More help?

- All the alert windows. - DONE (AFAIK)

- More keyboard shortcuts? - DONE

- Get the "hide deleted" mail working. - DONE

- Implement the normal and new-mail icons.

- Implement pixmap caching. - DONE (Unless I decide to implement a
				    pixmap converter.)
				   (Have implemented a pixmap converter now.)

- Implement show_busy & clear_busy

- Run purify.

- Add a list of ignored mail files so the folder manager doesn't show them.

Bugs/Suggestions from Greg.

1.  Need a way to detach/reattach the mail reading panes from
    the message list pane as a separate window. Sometimes its
    useful to have a message window the whole height of the
    screen.

2.  Need to be able to turn on autoindent in the compose window.

3.  Need a checkbox in the compose window to request a return
    receipt.

4.  Need to be able to set the Priority, Reply-to, Bcc and other headers,
    including common X- RFC822 extensions.

5.  The ability to show parts of a MIME multipart message 
    and to show Sun attachments, and to compose those.

6.  I like your idea of making hyperlinks in the text highlighted.
    You could be a little bit clever and handle mailto: URLs
    locally but ship off all others to Netscape using their
    -remote option.
    Also the URL in the About: window should be live.

7.  To: field in the compose window needs to be a combobox containing
    your personal aliases as well as a history list of the last
    5 or so people you e-mailed.

8.  Need a buzy cursor. You can have the animated cursor stuff if
    you want.

9.  I can also show you how to set up a semi-decent local help
    system using the HTML widget from Mosaic.

10. Menubar entries need to have their accelerators shown.

11. Properties window - the Delete button is not greyed out when
    there is nothing to delete

12. Background of the XbaeMatrices should probably be white?

13. The Add and Delete buttons for the Kill Mail Matching in
    the Properties window are a different size to the others
    in the same page.

14. The Privtool page in the Properties window is too busy.

15. Headers in the header window are displayed with their tags
    bold and their bodies normal, thus:

    <bold>From:</bold> Fred Bloggs

    but this fails when a header is continued onto a second or
    subsequent line using a leading TAB character (standard
    RFC822 convention). Then it looks like this:

    <bold>Received:</bold> by hawk.tpg.oz.au (SMI-8.6/SMI-SVR4)
            <bold>id RAA27467; Thu, 17 Jul 1997 17:</bold>42:10 +1000

   i.e. the line is bold up to the first colon.

   - DONE


16. Copy & paste out of the header window does not work:

    x  selecting text in the header window does not ungrey the
       Edit->Copy button. Perhaps there should be a separate
       pullright for that window?

    x  pasting using the standard X middle button does not work
       in the compose window (although it does in an xterm)

    x  pasting into xclipboard coredumps privtool! (this is the
       second time I have typed this message!)

17. Coredumping privtool does not leave any error recovery if you
    had a long message partially typed in. There is no facility
    to save the contents of the Compose window to file either
    manually or automatically by time or on death, nor resume
    from a file.

18. How about toolbar icons for

    Compose->New
    Compose->Reply->All (include)

19. The encoding mechanism for non-ASCII characters doesn't
    seem to be working. Some of my messages are sprinkled
    with =20 and other =xx where xx is two hex digits.

20. > here's another

> x  Type real useful work into a compose window for twenty minutes.
> x  Get to the last line.
> x  Accidentally press ESC while reaching for TAB key (next to each other
>      on this keyboard)
> x  Watch stunned while twenty minutes' work disappears into the ether.

I guess that rates right up there with accidently tripping over the power
cord...

I suppose I could pop up an alert if you cancel and there's stuff
in the text window.

 - DONE

21. > Damn Motif RETURN convention bit me again.

> Anyway, I noticed there's no way to cause a selected area
> of text in the compose window to be indented as if quoted.
> So if you import a file or drag-n-drop a partial message
> from the message window, you have to *manually* make it look
> quoted. How about making the old textsw tool extra menu
> work?

Yeah that's something that I've been meaning to do. I'll make sure
it's on the list.

22. I could also add an alert for confirming a sent message with an empty
    body, that might help deal with the Motif return problem.
  - DONE

23. > And another thing...I really want to be able to see the To:
> header in the header window. So either a way to configure
> which headers are visible by default (like I had configured in
> mailtool) or second best, add the To: header to the default ones.

I guess the nicest way would be to have a list of desired headers
in the properites window.
